But few of you don't know it. The Ngonro is known as "Essence Teaching" of the Buddha Shakyamuni.
Buddha gave the teaching for 45 years. The essence of these teachings, all different yanas,
all different yanas, all that teaching to put practice with this Ngonro is the reading essence.
The foundation practice, but it's not just the foundation, it is the central column of the
practices.
It is the practice, the central, the personal practice. And then also when we achieve enlightenment
,
that is what we're going to achieve. So this is for, Ngonro is everything, is ground, is part, and
is a result.
And this is very, very special practice, Ngonro. And so that is what the Ngonro practices,
whenever you've already completed, whenever you're already practicing, and also those who want,
is good to really these practices, really cultivated mind, exactly, meaning what is saying there,
so good, then with the practices, just wonderful practices, wonderful merit, and all is good.
So that is really about the Ngonro. And then those people who like to know more about the Ngonro,
there's so many books and books in the corporation and the English, and you can read,
and also some kind of practical aspects that if you like to know more, or if you don't know Italian
,
if you go out, you can ask me, or ask a little higher, and they're available, so can be
clarification.
So that is about the Ngonro practices. And now we go to that, that is how that works.